ship: refactor teams to match reorg (#7277)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/engineering/dev/process/deployments/index.md

## DotCom

> As [DotCom](instances.md#dotcom) has matured into our public, free-to-use product its needs have diverged from the base `deploy-sourcegraph` repo it initially was a fork of. It no longer maintains `deploy-sourcegraph` as a remote and infrastructure and deployment changes are now manually merged in as-needed by the [Developer Infrastructure](../../../teams/dev-experience/index.md) team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As [DotCom](instances.md#dotcom) has matured into our public, free-to-use product its needs have diverged from the base `deploy-sourcegraph` repo it initially was a fork of. It no longer maintains `deploy-sourcegraph` as a remote and infrastructure and deployment changes are now manually merged in as-needed by the [Developer Infrastructure](../../../teams/devinfra/index.md) team.
```
